We're going to start working on our different route handlers inside this video.
The first route handler we're going to work on is the Create Order route.
So we're going to make sure that a user can make a post request to create an order.
Whenever a user makes this post request, they're going to include a ticket ID inside the body of the
request, and that's going to be the ticket that the user is trying to purchase.
Now we definitely are going to want to make sure that all the users who are authenticated are able to
access this route.
Handler So if you are not authenticated, if you are not signed in, you do not get to create an order.
So with all that in mind, let's go back over to our new route handler file.
We're going to start to put together some implementation for this route handler.
Inside my order service.
I'll find the roots directory and new dots inside their.
Then at the very top, I'm going to import a couple of things that we are probably going to need inside
of here.
So I'm going to get the require auth middleware and the validate request.
Middleware from our custom module.
So for me, that is SG ticket.
Coleman Remember, you have a different organization name right there.
I'm also going to get the body function from Express Validator.
So if right now we're going to make sure that a user is authenticated and we're going to make sure that
they are passing in some ticket ID in the body of the request.
So right after our route name right there, I'm going to put in require us to make sure that a user
is authenticated.
And then right after that, I'm going to put in an array and list out my different validators inside
of here.
So the only thing we really need to truly validate is that ticket ID property.
So we might write in something.
Like body.
Take a look at the ticket ID property and let's just make sure that that thing is defined.
So we might say not.
Is empty.
And then we could put a custom ear message on there of with message and say.
Ticket ID must be provided.
Now this right here definitely works and it definitely is a good validation step.
But there's potentially one other step of validation we could potentially do inside of here.
When a user passes in a ticket ID property, that is a reference to another ticket or some ticket inside
of our system.
And you and I know because the ticket IDs are stored or these tickets are stored inside of MongoDB,
that this ticket ID property right here should have the structure of an mongo ID.
So in other words, it should be a string of characters.
That's what is it like 24 characters, 12 or 24?
I forget off the top of my head.
Essentially it should look like a MongoDB ID, so an ID of something like 1 to 3.
Well, that would pass this validation step, but that is not a valid ID, so we might want to add in
a little check right here and make sure that whatever the user provided has the structure of a real
mongo ID.
Now, that would definitely be a valuable check here, but it's also just a little bit dangerous.
And the reason for that is that we would now have one service.
Our order service that is making a assumption or an assumption about the database that is used by the
tickets service over here.
So there is a little bit of coupling that we're doing between these two services.
If we start to say, Oh yeah, you must be providing me specifically a MongoDB ID at some point in time,
the future we might decide to change out the database used by the ticket service to some other kind
of database.
And when we do that well, we might not be using MongoDB anymore.
We might have a totally different structure of ID.
This is a very small thing.
It's just something I want to throw out there that by just assuming that this ticket ID is going to
have a particular structure, we are kind of coupling our application in a very subtle way with the
ticket service, you might say, Stephen, what does that matter?
We're using information from the ticket service.
You're telling us that we're going to replicate tickets directly from the ticket service?
Well, yes, we are replicating data over from that service, but well, what would happen if we just
deleted the service entirely, but still issued these events right here?
So maybe there is some other service not called ticket service.
Our order service doesn't really care about who emits these events.
It just cares that someone emits these events.
So the ticket service really, truly can just totally disappear.
It can change structure, it can do something dramatically different.
And as long as these events are still being emitted, we are happy campers.
But that is not quite true if we start to directly make assumptions about what the service looks like
and that's what we are doing, if we add in a check to make sure that the incoming ID is actually a
mongo ID.
So I just want throw it out there once again.
Just something to be aware of.
Just something to think about.
So we are going to add in the check to make sure that this does look like a real mongo ID, just so
you know how this would be done.
And if you don't like this idea of making assumption about how that service is put together, you can
always remove it.
So here's how we would do that.
Check at the very top, we will import Mongoose from Mongoose.
Then right after making sure that the ticket ID property is not empty, we will put on a custom validation
step.
We're going to say that we're going to expect to get some input to this little custom validation function
that is going to be a string.
And inside of here, we're going to return a boolean to decide whether or not whatever string the user
just provided is actually a valid mongo ID.
So we'll write out inside of your mongoose types with a capital T object ID with a lowercase d on their.
Is valid and the we'll pass in that input.
So this is just going to make sure that the user is providing a valid mongo ID.
And again, if you don't want to do that, hey, just delete it.
No problem whatsoever.
That looks good.
Now, after doing the validation step right there.
We do need to make sure that if anything went wrong with the validation step, we reject the request
right away and send back an error message.
And that was the purpose of that.
Validate request middleware.
We will put in validate request.
Right there.
Looks good.
Let's save that.
At present, we do not have any way of testing this code unless we pull out postmen and start making
requests directly.
So we are going to write tests around these route handlers, very similar to how we did back on our
test or ticketing service.
But we're going to write out all the tests after we create each individual route.
HANDLER So if you don't like the entire testing process, if you just don't care about tests, no problem.
I'll give you the completed test code and you can always copy paste it over if you want to be able to
run the test yourself.
So let's keep working on this in the next video.
Then once we are done with this fruit handler, we'll start to write out a couple of different tests
around it.
So I'll see you in just a minute.
Let's finish this thing up.